The bee movie script according to all known laws of aviation there is no way a bee
should be able to fly.
Its winds are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.
The bee of course flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
Yellow black black yellow yellow black who
black and yellow let's shake it up a little very practices ready coming
hang on a second hello area adam can
you believe this is happening?
I can't i'll pick you up looking sharp used to stairs.
Your father paid good money for those sorry i'm excited.
Here's the graduate.
We're very proud of you son.
A perfect report card all b's very proud.
I got a thing going here you got lint on your fuzz out me wave
to us.
We'll be in row one hundred eighteen thousand area.
I told you stop flying in the house i am a very is that fuzz
gel a little special day graduation never thought i'd make
it three days grade school three days high school those were awkward three
days college.
I'm glad it took a day and hitchhiked around the hive.
You did come back different.
Highbury already growing a moustache looks good here about frankie yeah
you going just funeral no i'm not going everybody knows sting someone you
die don't waste it on a squirrel.
Such a hothead i guess he could have just gotten out of the way.
I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day.
That's why we don't need vacations.
Away quite a bit of pomp under the circumstances.
Well adam.
Today we are men we are be amen amen hallelujah
students faculty distinguished bees please welcome dean buzz well
welcome new hive city graduating classes nine fifteen that
concludes our ceremonies and begins your career.How next industries